Documentation: Create documentation around AWS Secrets Manager plugin (#52181)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/_index.md

- [Custom branding]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/configure-custom-branding/" >}}) to customize Grafana from the brand and logo to the footer links.
- [Usage insights]({{< relref "usage-insights/" >}}) to understand how your Grafana instance is used.
- [Vault integration]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-database-encryption/integrate-with-hashicorp-vault/" >}}) to manage your configuration or provisioning secrets with Vault.

> - [AWS Secrets Manager integration]({{< relref "aws-secrets-plugin/" >}}) to store datasource secrets in AWS Secrets Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AWS Secrets Manager integration]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-database-encryption/encrypt-secrets-using-aws-secrets-manager/" >}}) to store datasource secrets in AWS Secrets Manager.
```

See comment in aws-secrets-plugin.md about the expected location for these plugins.

Author: moved file and updated
